the entire coast of the state of Rio Grande do Sul can climb higher and
the south is very cold they can look for the same crashes
but this demand is reaching the river from January to the same bay
are still seen migrating
and everyone shocked me
migrant who some time in his life this afternoon that territory
Brazilian is considered an animal
active death plus a dc death with comfort they have here in the
substitutive
although it becomes example to vote do not give in fact are all animals
that there has already been an attempt to introduce
the staff could not
this is over they will stay as the penguins need to live with the minimum
nine individuals because otherwise they die of loneliness
then it is a minimum of 99 animals then those rescue operations
of people is very timely as they will not survive they are in fact
exist that are taken to specialized elisama centers included in
flocks in larger groups are all loose together
the impression you have is an aid that here is the sanitary conditions of the
country that are five packaged bernardo
better than this is possible is better than ever
in fact in praise the pms made 60 in very comfortable at a temperature in
around 18 degrees actually people
many people even make mistakes when they got a penguin end to vote and
inside the net up from the freezer the boot region on the water actually they
are also addressed in the history of the
temperature that stays around 18 degrees at it is comforted above 20
degrees is hot for him but up to 20 degrees is super comfortable
said that the importance of the region
it is important the conditions that they have in the place where they are sheltered
every animal needs a feed one day
with ideal climatic actions and a good territory
and these critters are
in this name of 100 million can always surrender looking for the
suitable climatic conditions warmer waters with shoals of fish
hand specialist a good life technicians
receives food three times a day
Weekly Gold Medical Examination Are Weighed Monthly Finally Has A Whole One
necessary monitoring so far so far no escape case
this Wednesday after receiving the lightness of Corinthians
when we formulated the invitation
not look like gurgel
south of lawn
we draw attention to ourselves
three pillars
and who lies near
the search
the entertainment is clear but basically
passed on
bush the funds
this weekend
ah avary to yours
not just with it on its basis with respect to
to live with the people on board in purity the animals
see here the operation bug
saved
disappointment of the men who are saving everyone for being here until
because they could be in another location
but this bugger operation saves victims
in fact the Nordic ministry has 1
in a very strong social appeal
the animals are not here simply stopping to please people at last there
even a collection of animals the animals are here as a tool of
environmental education are all animals that can not go back to nature
can read actions in beijing and what is the girl function our function is of ap
a home worthy for them a local necn cicinho also feel very willing
and the project Bug Saved Critter is a lawn show project in which the person
at the end of the route
enter the store of horrors co and we have made stuffed bugs
by artisans of that of the locality in which a series of jobs that people generate
frascino times the fall around the zoo environment and that a part of that
money from selling these animals
is intended for the constitution is this
here work with this animal
then the person who buys an anteater would live on materials for
entities that work with an anteater so that they can buy it from the
equipment so that he can get well for all these animals
defect this is the philosophy
southern
to record
orkut for all gauchos
I'm connected in the game.
nothing work, congratulations to the team that has
and above all, what can we continue
with the animals because after all
we are also part of nature
intelligent
thank you for being difficult to invite people who want to visit the lawn
crying
we are open monday to monday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
We always welcome people very peacefully to people doing a
tour
Tranquil the best and the newest
yes you can have the respect what we have with the bugs here
thank you
the express
tel
No Boundaries